EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:15: element span: validity error : ID ID_1757460 already defined
Flyplassindikator og navn</h4><p class="ADName">ENGM — <span id="ID_1757460"
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:16: element span: validity error : ID ID_1757463 already defined
        <span class="SD" id="ID_1757463">OSLO</span><span class="sdParams" style
                                        ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:17: element span: validity error : ID ID_1757464 already defined
        <span id="ID_1757464">/</span>
                             ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:18: element span: validity error : ID ID_1757466 already defined
        <span class="SD" id="ID_1757466">Gardermoen</span><span class="sdParams"
                                        ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:34: element span: validity error : ID ID_4437678 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_4437678" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:269: element span: validity error : ID ID_5031942 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_5031942" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:269: element span: validity error : ID ID_5031936 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_5031936" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:344: element span: validity error : ID ID_2313278 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2313278" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:423: element span: validity error : ID ID_2313397 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2313397" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:498: element span: validity error : ID ID_4730584 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_4730584" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:578: element span: validity error : ID ID_2316262 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2316262" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:867: element span: validity error : ID ID_2316788 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2316788" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:889: element span: validity error : ID ID_2316805 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2316805" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:911: element span: validity error : ID ID_2316822 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2316822" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:933: element span: validity error : ID ID_2316839 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2316839" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:961: element span: validity error : ID ID_2316995 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2316995" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:981: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317010 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317010" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1001: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317025 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317025" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1021: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317040 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317040" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1043: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317102 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317102" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1063: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317117 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317117" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1083: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317132 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317132" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1105: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317164 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317164" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1125: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317179 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317179" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1145: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317194 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317194" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1167: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317211 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317211" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1187: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317226 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317226" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1207: element span: validity error : ID ID_2317241 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_2317241" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:1351: element span: validity error : ID ID_4440978 already defined
s=" AmdtDeletedAIRAC" id="ID_4440978" title="Ikrafttredelsesdato: 24 MAR 2022. "
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:2478: HTML parser error : Unexpected end tag : a
al_href="mailto:scr@airportcoordination.com">scr@airportcoordination.com</a></a>
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:2478: HTML parser error : Unexpected end tag : a
="ID_706086" target="Top" real_href="mailto:ais@avinor.no">ais@avinor.no</a></a>
                                                                               ^
EN-AD-2.ENGM-no-NO.html:2494: HTML parser error : Unexpected end tag : a
              </a>
                  ^
XPath error : Invalid expression
string(//html/body/)
                   ^
XPath evaluation failure
